ok
Orion Lions really want to
years 2007 eliminated
a year and a half to two years since
last month money there you go there you
go stay black we're going to ladies out
man we're going to look for 20 years if
not we'll just do the dishes drop eighty
ninety eight 5108 69 much 879 3901 4940
17 and fifty I didn't think the
likelihood of fun in one would be good
all right now there's the bricks I'm
going to AP see if it'll land on an AP
box here we go 79 here we go to move
2007 limited well before I open that
just get still at setting on the day
browse my shorter bike look what came
out of 2,700 a long time ago if you've
never seen this code 101 Adrian Peterson
logo shield I'm at a Nike swoosh 101
rookie autograph I pulled that was for
like three years ago from mr. any but
anyway I'll stop it all right
here we go we chad pennington forgot
what the 659 is remembered a little
heavier back then 659 oh that was linda
li kevin payne 3 99 chester taylor
number to a hundred reggie bush jersey
number to a hundred playoff contenders
preview ticket autograph on those number
250 oh it's number two his jersey that's
number 239 willie parker be right there
um 12 of 50 steve smith jersey number
and a patch of willie parker cool so
that it is a riot I'll get these on the
way but to you